Alberto Plata
amplataforgit@gmail.com

 ---- ABOUT THE PROGRAM ----
This program reads in a file, in1.txt, which contains data
for two matrices, which we'll name A and B. Arithmetic 
operations such as A+B, A+A, B-A, A-A, transpose(A), A*B 
and B^2 are performed on A and B. The results are sent to 
an output file, out1.txt.

 ---- COMPILE & RUN ----
NOTE: I am assuming you are running this program 
in a unix/linux environment.

1. Download the files as a zip file to a directory 
of your choice. Then go to that directory and unzip 
(or 'extract all') the files.

2. In command line, type: 
   gmake
NOTE: If you don't have 'gmake' then you will need to 
reconfigure the 'Makefile' to work with 'make'.

3. Finally, in command line, type:
   Sparse in1.txt [outputfile]
You can name your outputfile anything want but I would 
recommend something other than out1.txt. This will 
allow you to check the results of your outputfile 
with the out1.txt file I supplied.


 ---- ABOUT THE FILES ----
List.java:
Contains the List ADT to be used by the Matrix.java file.

ListTest.java:
This file was used to test the List ADT in List.java.
Within this file are some commented lines that can be 
used to activate the RuntimeException from List.java. 
In order to run this program please alter the Makefile 
to run ListTest.java instead of Sparse.java. 

Matrix.java:
This file conatains the Matrix ADT to be used by Sparse.java. 

MatrixTest.java:
This file was used to test the Matrix ADT in Matrix.java.
Within this file are some commented lines that can be 
used to activate the RuntimeException from Matrix.java. 
In order to run this program please alter the Makefile 
to run MatrixTest.java instead of Sparse.java. 

Sparse.java:
This is the main java file. It reads in a file, in1.txt, which 
contains data for matrices. Sparse.java utilizes the Matrix.java
file to build the required matrices. Arithmetic operations are 
perfromed on the matrices and the results are sent to an output
file (I called it out1.txt).

Makefile:
This Makefile is currently set to run the main file, Sparse.java.
This Makefile must be altered to run the MatrixTest.java file and
ListTest.java. 

